ReportProject 2: Extending red, white and blueTeam Member: Hao Sun, Boyu Xu, Xiaoyang wangURL:http://murphy.wot.eecs.northwestern.edu/~hsp6399/rwb/rwb.plLog in with all permissions:Name: rootPassword: rootrootInstruction1. Extending query: Using checkbox to achieve the making choice of cycle and functions. When a user have the ability of query opinion data, it shows 4 checkbox as ¡°committees, candidates, Individuals, Opinions¡±, otherwise there shows 3 check boxes, same as the formal condition except the ¡°opinions¡± checkbox.2. Crowd Sourcing: Creating a table named as invitedusers, we implement the function of invite users, when type in a new email address, we can invite them to register with a unique URL link, which can be only used once. Invitation provider also can select the permissions he/she would like to give to the person that he/she want to invite. If a user finish registering with the permission ¡°query-opinion-data¡±, he would see the ¡°opinions¡± checkbox once he login to the website.3. Aggregated view: This part we aggregated view by counting the summary of comm to comm and comm to cand, we compare the money that each party they receive, and the color will change between red and blue based on the money. For the individual part, if one person belongs to a certain committee, we assume his donation is the same as the committee¡¯s affiliation. If there are less than 1 point in a certain view, we would like to add 0.02 at the coordinates (both latitude and longitude). Also we calculated the average and deviation of opinions, also color changes with it.Extra credit:1. Deeper Analysis: Adding function of calculate the maximum amount of money of the comm to comm and comm to cand, and print them out in form. Together with average and other data, we can gain a more thoroughly view of the monetary side of the election.
2. Integrating Voting Data: Creating a table called electionresults with 3 attributes ¡°cycle¡±, ¡°name¡±, ¡°partyname¡±, we store data from 7879 to 1314. Users can see election information for each year including president¡¯s name and party name who won the election.